Salesforce 3.x.x release notes (#4272)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-07-05-collection.md

---
title: Upgrade Salesforce Source to Version 3.X.X (Collection)
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - collection
  - salesforce
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

We're excited to announce the release of our new Salesforce Version 3.X.X source, which provides an upgraded authorization method to client credentials flow.

> If you have the Salesforce source set and decided to upgrade it, you will need to update your source configuration according to the instructions below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have the Salesforce source set up and choose to upgrade it, follow the instructions below to update your source configuration:
```
